	In the year of 2100, the environment problem have already threatened the living of human, so people design a 
 robot called Saier, which is used to explore other planets and gather useful resources for human. 

	Saier's first destination was Pluto. Saier was sent there to mine gold.
The Word Space Agency, built in a camera, that would steam Saier's adventures;
however, the stream would be delayed, due to the distance between our planet
and Pluto. One day, while scientists were watching the stream, they realized
small green figures at the background. They checked the date of the steam, it
was a week ago. Scientists immediately sent a signal to Saier to make sure
that the robot was safe. Another week passed, and the scientists still did
not receive a signal back.
	
	After that, the stream  was also interrupted for a long time, which makes scientists
really worries. Suddenly one day, scientists reveived intermittent signals from Saier.
 Scientists gathered together immediately and they are eager to know what happened during this time.
 However, the signal only last about 30 seconds, and then the communication break again. Due to the bad
communication envitonment, the incoming signal is also vague.

	However, after a long time of breaking down the signal sent by Saier, 
they managed to understand the robot' message. The robot was telling them that
the small green figures were in fact friendly aliens. They looked like baby 
elephants but were green in color. The special thing about them is that they 
have a super power that allows them to generate any resources they want. 
This was great news for humanity because they finally found something that
could help them in their survival. The scientists immediately contacted Saier 
to communicate and come to an agreement with these aliens. 

	Finally, in the year of 2500, human and these aliens make an agreement. They can exchange all kinds of things.
Aliens can get technology from human, and human can also get unlimited resourses from aliens. All seems to be peaceful
and wonderful. However, what human does not know is the agreemnt of goods exchange is only a part of Aliens'
evil plan...  
